Reword and clean up issue templates (#9)
creativecommons/.github: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

labels: bug, awaiting triage
---

## Description
<!-- Concisely describe the bug. -->

## Reproduction
<!-- Provide detailed steps to reproduce the bug -->
1. <!-- Step 1 ... -->
2. <!-- Step 2 ... -->
3. <!-- Step 3 ... -->
4. See error.

## Expectation
<!-- Concisely describe what you expected to happen. -->

## Screenshots
<!-- Add screenshots to show the problem; or delete the section entirely. -->

## Environment

> <!-- If the problem is environment specific, please complete this. -->

Reviewer: I'd rather the assumption be that environment is relevant:
```suggestion
<!-- Please complete this, unless you are certain the problem is not environment specific -->
```
